BBC Article

Title:- Syria Jarablus: Turkish tanks roll into northern Syria - BBC News: 
Byline:- nil: 
Factual Sentences: 
US Vice-President Joe Biden arrived in Turkey on Wednesday in the highest-ranking visit by a Western official since the failed coup on 15 July.
Responding to news of the Turkish advance, PYD leader Saleh Moslem tweeted that Turkey was now in the "Syrian quagmire" and would be defeated like IS.
Turkey has vowed to "completely cleanse" IS from its border region, blaming the group for a bomb attack on a wedding that killed at least 54 people in Gaziantep on Saturday.
"Gulen's protector" says a headline in Aksam, which notes his "late" visit in the wake of last month's coup attempt.
He also says that claims that Gulen's extradition is simply a political matter are "damaging" for bilateral ties.
'A buffer against the Kurds' An unnamed senior US official in Washington told BBC News before the start of the Turkish operation that it was "partly to create a buffer against the possibility of the Kurds moving forward".
Islamic State: the full story 'Village taken' The tanks were followed by pick-up trucks believed to be carrying Turkish-backed Syrian rebels from the Free Syrian Army (FSA).
In Damascus, an official in the Syrian foreign ministry condemned the operation at Jarablus as a "blatant violation of its [Syria's] sovereignty".
Military sources told Turkish media 70 targets in the Jarablus area had been destroyed by artillery and rocket strikes, and 12 by air strikes.
"We're going on until full liberation of Jarablus city from terrorist ISIL [IS]," said one of its commanders, Captain Abo Ibraheem.
Gunes newspaper says pointedly that "the Turkish government and 79 million Turks are waiting for concrete steps" from him, adding that "Biden will be... asked to behave like an ally".
President Erdogan announced in a speech in Ankara: "At 04:00 [01:00 GMT] our forces began an operation against the Daesh [IS] and PYD [Kurdish Democratic Union Party] terror groups." The offensive was aimed at "putting an end" to problems on the border, he said.
Accessibility links Skip to contentAccessibility Help BBC iD BBC navigation Menu Search the BBC News navigation Syria Jarablus: Turkish tanks roll into northern Syria 24 August 2016 From the section Europe Share Image copyrightAFP Image caption Smoke billows after an air strike on Jarablus, Syria, 24 August A dozen Turkish tanks and other vehicles have rolled across the Syrian border after heavy shelling of an area held by so-called Islamic State (IS).
22 August 2016 Turkey caught in overlapping security crises 14 March 2016 Europe live reporting LIVE Strong quake hits central Italy Full article Strong quake hits central Italy Top Stories Deadly earthquake strikes central Italy Child swept into sea with family dies Longest aircraft 'nosedives' on landing Features VIDEO 4:03 Sporting pioneer 'I won Great Britain's first Paralympic gold' Potent pills The growth in popularity - and strength - of ecstasy in the UK 80s anxieties Aberdeen, Mandela, the FCO and the 'Gay Gordons' In the rough Why Nike and Adidas are hanging up their golf clubs Power play Sleepy Australian village wants to get off electricity grid Go-getters in the ghetto Why France's banlieues are hotbeds of upward mobility Prison ramen Cooking lessons from the clink Orphan village How Russia is changing the fostering of children News navigation BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC Sport Weather TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Music Arts Make It Digital Taster Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Copyright © 2016 BBC.
The pro-government Star agrees that Mr Biden will have to explain US support for the "Fetullah Gulen Terrorist Organisation" (FETO).
Turkey views the YPG as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), a Turkish-Kurdish rebel group fighting for autonomy since the 1980s, but the YPG is backed by the US as one of the most effective forces battling IS.
Nouns by frequency [Turkey, Jarablus, operation, border, Syria, government, US, tanks, coup, forces, area]


Guardian Article